Scan troubleshooting: Move more content to KB, move some to Contributing (#1139)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/contributing/semgrep-core-contributing.md

## Testing performance

### Exploring results from a slow run of Semgrep

#### Interpreting the result object

> For full timing information, run Semgrep with `--time` and `--json`. In addition, you will want to `time` the entire command to get the true wall time. The `--json` argument produces a large amount of output, so redirecting the output to a file with `-o` is recommended. The full command would look sometthing like:

Reviewer: Idk if you git blamed these but these are some of the docs that have been around longer than I have :D As such the original writing predated our establishment of standards. I will just make a few rewrites.

```suggestion
For full timing information, run Semgrep with `--time` and `--json` flags. In addition, you can add `time` at the beginning of the command to get the true wall time. The `--json` argument produces a large amount of output, so redirecting the output to a file with `-o` is recommended. 

See the following example for the full command:
```

<pre class="language-bash"><code>time semgrep --config=auto --time --json -o result.json <span className="placeholder">PATH/TO/SRC</span></code></pre>

Substitute the optional placeholder <code><span className="placeholder">PATH/TO/SRC</span></code> with the path to your source code.

Here is an example result object.

```JSON
{
  "errors": [],
  "results": [],
  "time": {
    "profiling_times": {
      "config_time": 0.10301780700683594,
      "core_time": 0.0883018970489502,
      "ignores_time": 2.7894973754882812e-05,
      "total_time": 0.1915416717529297
    },
    "rule_parse_info": [
      0.0011630058288574219
    ],
    "rules": [
      {
        "id": "Users.emma.workspace.testing.error_configs.use-sys-exit"
      }
    ],
    "targets": [
      {
        "match_times": [
          0
        ],
        "num_bytes": 444,
        "parse_times": [
          0
        ],
        "path": "/Users/emma/workspace/testing/situations_test/no_token_location.py",
        "run_times": [
          0.0006248950958251953
        ]
      }
    ],
    "total_bytes": 444
  }
}
```

All the information about timing is contained under `time`.

> The first section is `profiling_times`. This contains wall time durations of various steps we consider interesting: getting the rule config files (`config_time`), running the main engine (`core_time`), and processing the ignores (`ignores_time`). The `total_time` field represents the sum of these steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first section is `profiling_times`. This contains wall time durations of various relevant steps:
* Getting the rule config files (`config_time`)
* Running the main engine (`core_time`)
* Processing the ignores (`ignores_time`) 

The `total_time` field represents the sum of these steps.
```

Reviewer: Follow up: I'll make a separate follow up PR to convert these definitions into a list, either a <dl> description list or <ul>.

`targets` poses more difficulty. Since files are run in parallel, the amount of time spent parsing (`parse_times`) and matching (`match_times`) will inevitably be meaningless compared against `total_time` or `core_time`. Therefore, the total run time (`run_times`) of each target for each rule is taken within the parallel run. This helps contextualize the time spent parsing and matching each target. The sum of the run times thus can (and usually should) be longer than the total time.

The lists `rule_parse_info`, `match_times`, `parse_times`, and `run_times` are all in the same order as `rules`. That is, the parse time of rule `rules[0]` is `rule_parse_info[0]`.

Note that `parse_times` is given for each rule, but a file should only be parsed once (the first number). Afterwards, the parse time represents the time spent retrieving the file's AST from the cache.

#### Negative values in the metrics

When a time is not measured, by default it has the value -1. It is common to a have a normal runtime, but -1 for the parse time or match time; this indicates an error in parsing.

#### Tips for exploring Semgrep results

> There are several scripts already written to analyze and summarize these timing data. Find them in [`scripts/processing-output`](https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep/tree/develop/scripts/processing-output). If you have a timing file, you will probably want to run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several scripts already written to analyze and summarize these timing data. Find them in [`scripts/processing-output`](https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep/tree/develop/scripts/processing-output). If you have a timing file, you can run
```

## Testing performance

### Exploring results from a slow run of Semgrep

#### Interpreting the result object

For full timing information, run Semgrep with `--time` and `--json` flags. In addition, you can add `time` at the beginning of the command to get the true wall time. The `--json` argument produces a large amount of output, so redirecting the output to a file with `-o` is recommended. 

See the following example for the full command:

<pre class="language-bash"><code>time semgrep --config=auto --time --json -o result.json <span className="placeholder">PATH/TO/SRC</span></code></pre>

Substitute the optional placeholder <code><span className="placeholder">PATH/TO/SRC</span></code> with the path to your source code.

Here is an example result object.

> ```JSON

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```JSON
      { results: [], 
        paths: [],
        errors: [],
```

Reviewer 2: Made one more suggestion because I realized I dropped the first few fields

## Testing performance

### Exploring results from a slow run of Semgrep

#### Interpreting the result object

For full timing information, run Semgrep with `--time` and `--json` flags. In addition, you can add `time` at the beginning of the command to get the true wall time. The `--json` argument produces a large amount of output, so redirecting the output to a file with `-o` is recommended. 

See the following example for the full command:

<pre class="language-bash"><code>time semgrep --config=auto --time --json -o result.json <span className="placeholder">PATH/TO/SRC</span></code></pre>

Substitute the optional placeholder <code><span className="placeholder">PATH/TO/SRC</span></code> with the path to your source code.

Here is an example result object.

```JSON

> {
>   "errors": [],
>   "results": [],
>   "time": {
>     "profiling_times": {
>       "config_time": 0.10301780700683594,
>       "core_time": 0.0883018970489502,
>       "ignores_time": 2.7894973754882812e-05,
>       "total_time": 0.1915416717529297
>     },
>     "rule_parse_info": [
>       0.0011630058288574219
>     ],
>     "rules": [
>       {
>         "id": "Users.emma.workspace.testing.error_configs.use-sys-exit"
>       }
>     ],
>     "targets": [
>       {
>         "match_times": [
>           0
>         ],
>         "num_bytes": 444,
>         "parse_times": [
>           0
>         ],
>         "path": "/Users/emma/workspace/testing/situations_test/no_token_location.py",
>         "run_times": [
>           0.0006248950958251953
>         ]
>       }
>     ],
>     "total_bytes": 444
>   }

Reviewer 2: This is outdated and I never got around to updating it. Here's a recent version
```suggestion
  "time": {
    "max_memory_bytes": 48693248,
    "profiling_times": {
      "config_time": 0.0624239444732666,
      "core_time": 0.11341428756713867,
      "ignores_time": 0.00017690658569335938,
      "total_time": 0.17628788948059082
    },
    "rules": [
      {
        "id": "test-rule"
      }
    ],
    "rules_parse_time": 0.0013418197631835938,
    "targets": [
      {
        "match_times": [
          5.9604644775390625e-06
        ],
        "num_bytes": 340,
        "parse_times": [
          0.0071868896484375
        ],
        "path": "test_functions.java",
        "run_time": 0.011521100997924805
      }
    ],
    "total_bytes": 340
  }
```

}
```

All the information about timing is contained under `time`.

The first section is `profiling_times`. This contains wall time durations of various relevant steps:
* Getting the rule config files (`config_time`)
* Running the main engine (`core_time`)
* Processing the ignores (`ignores_time`) 

The `total_time` field represents the sum of these steps.

> The remaining fields report engine performance. Together, `rule_parse_info` and `targets` should capture all the time spent running `semgrep-core`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The remaining fields report engine performance. Together, `rule_parse_time` and `targets` should capture all the time spent running `semgrep-core`.
```

> `rule_parse_info` is straightforward. It records the time spent parsing each rule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`rule_parse_time` is straightforward. It records the time spent parsing the rules file.
```

> `targets` poses more difficulty. Since files are run in parallel, the amount of time spent parsing (`parse_times`) and matching (`match_times`) will inevitably be meaningless compared against `total_time` or `core_time`. Therefore, the total run time (`run_times`) of each target for each rule is taken within the parallel run. This helps contextualize the time spent parsing and matching each target. The sum of the run times thus can (and usually should) be longer than the total time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`targets` poses more difficulty. Since files are run in parallel, the amount of time spent parsing (`parse_times`) and matching (`match_times`) will inevitably be meaningless compared against `total_time` or `core_time`. Therefore, the total run time (`run_time`) of each target for each rule is taken within the parallel run. This helps contextualize the time spent parsing and matching each target. The sum of the run times thus can (and usually should) be longer than the total time.
```

> The lists `rule_parse_info`, `match_times`, `parse_times`, and `run_times` are all in the same order as `rules`. That is, the parse time of rule `rules[0]` is `rule_parse_info[0]`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The lists `match_times` and `parse_times` are in the same order as `rules`. That is, the match time of rule `rules[0]` is `match_times[0]`.
```
